---
title: "About"
date: 2021-07-10T16:17:30+08:00
draft: false

lightgallery: true

---

---

### Brief Intro :wave:

Hey there,

It is Zhaoyi Luo, a native Shanghainese, born in China.

I achieved my master degree from Cornell University in December 2020 majoring in Electrical and Computer Engineering under the supervision of Professor [A. Kevin Tang](https://www.ece.cornell.edu/faculty-directory/kevin-tang).

Currently, I am working as a research engineer at Tencent in deep learning, mainly on machine learning inference. Our team open-sourced [Forward Project](https://github.com/Tencent/Forward) in March 2021, a library for high-performance deep learning inference on NVIDIA GPUs, and now I am one of the contributors continuing to maintain and enhance the project.

This site is my personal place and will be updated periodically. The main topics cover C++, Python, machine learning, and any troubles I have encountered during my daily work.

Please feel free to reach out if you have any questions.

Zhaoyi :)

---

### Latest News :clap:

[06-2021]

Started working as a full-time research engineer at Tencent.

[05-2021]

Attended the graduation commencement held from May 27-29, 2021 in Schoellkopf Field at Cornell University. Congratulations!

Please join me to appreciate my graduation ceremony together online!

<iframe src='//www.cornell.edu/video/commencement-2021-4/embed' width='560' height='315' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen title='CornellCast video'></iframe>

---

### Experience :clipboard:

- **Tencent**, Research Engineer, Machine Learning Department, Platform & Content Group, Shenzhen, China, Jun 2021 - Present

- **Tencent**, Software Engineer Intern, R & D Department, Platform & Content Group, Shenzhen, China, Jun 2020 - Aug 2020
  - Programmed a video labeling tool based on PyQt5 with Python to label the similarity between video pairs, and provided software support to both own team and the labeling team for labeling 9,000 video pairs
  - Implemented the fps, scale, and crop filters with C++ and FFmpeg library to process videos, analyzed the underlying principles of FFmpeg, and compared with the results generated by OpenCV
  - Designed communication protocols with ProtoBuf for Video Fingerprint Extraction Service, used Bazel and Docker to build and test RPC connectivity, and assisted the team to connect the service to the PaaS platform

---

### Education :book:

- **Cornell University**, College of Engineering, Ithaca NY, United States, Aug 2019 - Dec 2020
  - Master of Engineering in Electrical and Computer Engineering
  - Overall GPA: 3.90 / 4.0
- **Southwest Jiaotong University**, School of Information Science and Technology, Chengdu, China, Sep 2015 - Jun 2019
  - Bachelor of Engineering in Automation
  - Overall GPA: 3.74 / 4.0
  - Excellent Graduate, Triple-A Student (3 academic years)

---